[rocBLAS] [hipBLAS] CHANGELOG updates for 7.1 (#1738)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/rocblas/CHANGELOG.md

## (Unreleased) rocBLAS 5.1.0

> ### Added
> * sample in clients using OpenMP threads calling rocBLAS functions
> * gfx1103, gfx1150, gfx1151 enabled
> 
> ### Changed
> * Tensile build by default is no longer based on tensile_tag.txt but uses the same commit from shared/tensile in the mono-repo. rmake/install option -t can build from other local path with different commit
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
* Sample for clients using OpenMP threads calling rocBLAS functions.
* gfx1103, gfx1150, and gfx1151 enabled.

### Changed
* By default, the Tensile build is no longer based on `tensile_tag.txt` but uses the same commit from shared/tensile in the rocm-libraries repository. The rmake or install `-t` option can build from another local path with a different commit.

```
